# Turkish-Racism-and-Xenophobia-Detection-on-Twitter

The dataset, collected between January 1, 2020, and October 1, 2022, was obtained using web scraping techniques with the Python programming language. The collected data consist of tweets that are likely to contain expressions of potential racism and xenophobia. This data was subsequently manually reviewed and categorized into two different categories: content not containing racism and xenophobia, and content containing racism or xenophobia.

During the analysis process, the use of specific hashtags was specifically examined. These hashtags include terms that indicate ethnic origins and nationalities such as "Irk (Race)", "Irkçı (Racist)", "Irkçılık (Racism)", "Zenci (Black)", "Suriye (Syria)", "Arap (Arab)", "Laz (Laz)", "Türk (Turk)", "Kürt (Kurd)", as well as "Yahudiler (Jews)", "Hristiyan (Christians)", "Yunan (Greeks)", "Rum (Rum)", "Gayrimüslim (Non-Muslims)", "Batılılar (Westerners)", "Fransız (French)", "Ruslar (Russians)", "Trump", "Afganlar (Afghans)", "Mülteciler (Refugees)", "İsrailliler (Israelis)", "Ermeniler (Armenians)", "Gavur (Infidel)", "Amerikalılar (Americans)", "Sığınmacılar (asylum seekers)", "Ermenistan (Armenia)", "Kürdistan (Kurdistan)", "Hindu (Hindu)", "Terör (Terror)", "Terörist (Terrorist)", and other tags containing some swear words.

In the dataset, the data labeled with 0 represents content that does not contain racism and xenophobia, while data labeled with 1 represents content containing xenophobia. In this context, while the number of data labeled with 1 is 921, the number of data labeled with 0 is 1115. Looking at these label numbers, it can be seen that the data is relatively balanced.
